432hz
8-bit
a cappella
abstract
abstract beats
abstract idm
abstractro
accordeon
accordion
acid house
acid idm
acid trance
acousmatic
adoracao
adoracion
adult standards
adventista
afghan traditional
african gospel
african percussion
afrikaans
afrikaans gospel
aggro chileno
aggrotech
aghani lil-atfal
albanian iso polyphony
alphorn
alpine yodeling
alt-idol
amapiano
ambeat
ancient mediterranean
andean
andean flute
anglican liturgy
animal singing
anime
anime cv
anime score
anthem
anthem emo
anthem worship
antideutsche
arab groove
arabesk
arpa paraguaya
asmr
atmosphere
atmospheric dnb
atmospheric doom
atmospheric sludge
audiophile vocal
aussie drill
aussie emo
aussietronica
austin singer-songwriter
autoharp
avant-garde
axe
azeri traditional
azonto
azontobeats
bachata
background music
backing track
bagpipe
bagpipe marching band
bahai
baiao
baithak gana
bajki
bal-musette
balafon
balalaika
balearic
balkan brass
ballet class
ballroom
band organ
banda
banda caliente
banda carnavalera
bandinhas
bangla
banjo
bansuri
baptist gospel
barbershop
bard
barnalog
barnemusikk
barnmusik
barnsagor
baroque
baroque ensemble
baroque singing
baroque violin
bass house
bass music
bass trip
basshall
bassline
batak
batida
bboy
beach house
beach music
beat poetry
beatboxing
beatdown
beatlesque
beats
bebop
bedroom soul
bells
belly dance
bemani
benga
berlin school
bernu dziesmas
bhangra
bible
big band
big beat
big room
bikutsi
binaural
birdsong
birmingham grime
birthday
black 'n' roll
black comedy
black death
black noise
black sludge
black thrash
blackened crust
blackgaze
blasmusik
bluegrass
bluegrass gospel
bmore
boeremusiek
bohemian baroque
bolero
bolero cubano
bongo flava
boogaloo
boogie
boogie-woogie
boom bap
bornesange
bossa nova
bossa nova cover
bothy ballad
bounce
bouncy house
boy band
boy soprano
brain waves
braindance
brass band
brass ensemble
brass quintet
breakbeat
breakcore
breaks
brega
brega romantico
broadway
broken beat
brostep
brutal deathcore
bubble trance
bubblegum dance
burkinabe traditional
burmese traditional
burundian traditional
bush ballad
byzantine
c64
c86
cabaret
cajun
calypso
cambodian traditional
cancoes infantis
candombe
candomble
cantaditas
cantautor
cantautor catala
cante alentejano
cante flamenco
canterbury scene
canti alpini
canto a tenore
cantonese traditional
canzone d'autore
canzone genovese
canzone napoletana
capoeira
carimbo
carnatic
carnatic vocal
carnaval
carnaval cadiz
carnaval limburg
cartoon
catstep
ccm
ceilidh
cello
celtic
celtic harp
cha-cha-cha
chaabi algerien
chaabi marocain
chakra
chalga
chamame
chamber ensemble
chamber psych
champeta
chanson
chanson paillarde
chanson quebecois
chant basque
chant religieux
charanga
charango
charred death
chicago drill
chicago house
chicago soul
chicha
children's music
children's story
chinderlieder
chiptune
chopped and screwed
choral
choro
christelijk
christmas product
chunchaca
chutney
cifteli
cimbalom
circuit
circus
classify
clawhammer banjo
clean comedy
coco
coldwave
college a cappella
college marching band
combos nacionales
comedia
comedienne
comedy
comic
commons
complextro
concert band
concertina
contemporary gospel
contrabass
copla
coptic hymn
cornetas y tambores
corrido
corridos cristianos
corrosion
cosmic uplifting trance
coupe decale
covertrance
cowboy western
crossover prog
crossover thrash
crunk
cuarteto
cuatro venezolano
cuban rumba
cubaton
cueca chilena
cuento infantile
cymraeg
d-beat
dabke
dainuojamoji poezija
dakke dak
dancehall
dangdut
dangdut koplo
dangdut remix
danish singer-songwriter
dansband
danseband
dansk lovsang
dansktop
death 'n' roll
death industrial
deathcore
deathgrass
deathgrind
deathrash
deathstep
dembow
demoscene
denpa-kei
detroit house
detske pisnicky
detski pesnichki
detskie pesni
deutsch disney
dhrupad
didgeridoo
disney
disney espanol
disney portugues
disney portugues brasil
diva house
dixieland
diy emo
dizi
djembe
djent
dombra
dong-yo
doo-wop
doomcore
doujin
downtempo
downtempo fusion
draaiorgel
dragspel
drama
dream trance
dreamgaze
dreamo
drift
drill
drill and bass
drone
drone psych
dronescape
drum and bass
dub
dub poetry
dub product
dungeon synth
duranguense
dweilorkest
e6fi
early avant garde
early music
early music ensemble
early romantic era
eastern bloc groove
easy listening
easycore
ebm
egyptian traditional
electra
electric bass
emo
emocore
emoviolence
english baroque
english renaissance
enka
entehno
environmental
epic doom
epicore
er ge
erhu
erotica
escape room
esperanto
ethereal gothic
ethereal wave
ethnomusicology
ethnotronica
euphonium
euro hi-nrg
eurobeat
eurodance
eurovision
exotica
fado
fake
fallen angel
family gospel
fan chant
fidget house
field recording
filmi
filter house
filthstep
final fantasy
fingerstyle
fisarmonica
flamenco
flamenco fusion
flamenco guitar
flamenco urbano
flick hop
float house
fluxwork
fo jing
focus
focus beats
focus trance
football
footwork
forest psy
forro
forro tradicional
fourth world
franco-flemish school
francoton
freakbeat
free improvisation
freestyle
frevo
fuji
full on
funana
funeral doom
fussball
future garage
future house
gabba
gaian doom
gaita
gaita zuliana
galante era
galego
gamecore
gamelan
garage psych
gbvfi
gengetone
georgian polyphony
georgiana
ghanaian gospel
ghanaian traditional
ghazal
ghettotech
ghoststep
girl group
glass
glee club
glitch
glitch beats
glitch hop
glitter trance
gnawa
go-go
goa psytrance
goa trance
goralski
goregrind
gospel
gospel singers
gothabilly
gothic doom
gotlandsk musik
gqom
grave wave
greek clarinet
greek guitar
greek house
greek swing
grime
grime brasileiro
grimewave
grindcore
griot
groove room
grunge
grupera
gruperas inmortales
guaracha
guggenmusik
guidance
guided meditation
guitar case
guitarra argentina
guitarra portuguesa
gumbe
guqin
guzheng
gwoka
gymcore
gypsy
gypsy fusion
h8000
haitian dance
haitian gospel
haitian traditional
halloween
hamburger schule
hammered dulcimer
hammond organ
handbells
hands up
hangpan
harmonikka
harp
harpsichord
hauntology
hawaiian
healing
heavy psych
hi-nrg
hi-tech
highlife
hindi worship
hindustani vocal
hip house
hiplife
histoire pour enfants
hoerspiel
hollywood
honky tonk
honky-tonk piano
hopebeat
horror synth
horrorcore
house
house argentino
huapango
huayno
hula
humppa
hurdy-gurdy
hyphy
hypnosis
icelandic traditional
idol
igbo traditional
igbo worship
ilahiler
illbient
impressionism
indian singer-songwriter
indian violin
industrial
intelligent dance music
inuit traditional
iskelma
islamic recitation
israeli mediterranean
israeli singer-songwriter
italo beats
italo dance
italo house
italogaze
j-core
j-dance
j-division
j-idol
j-pixie
jam band
jamgrass
jamtronica
japanoise
jaw harp
jawaiian
jersey club
jewish a capella
jewish cantorial
jig and reel
joropo
jota aragonesa
jovem guarda
judaica
jug band
jugendchor
juju
jump up
jumpstyle
jumptek
jungle
junior eurovision
kaba gaida
kabarett
kabyle
kaneka
kannada bhava geethe
kantele
kapa haka
karadeniz halk muzigi
karaoke
karneval
kaseko
kavkaz
kawaii future bass
kayokyoku
kenyan traditional
keroncong
khaliji
khmer
kids dance party
kikuyu gospel
kinderchor
kindermusik
kirtan
kizomba
klapa
kleine hoerspiel
kleinkunst
klezmer
kodomo no ongaku
kolsche karneval
komedi
kompa
kora
koto
kritika
kuduro
kundiman
kwaito
kwaito house
kyrgyz traditional
laboratorio
laiko
landler
language
lao traditional
late romantic era
lds
lds youth
lesen
lesotho traditional
levenslied
lezginka
library music
liechtenstein
liedermacher
light music
lilith
livetronica
lldm
lo star
lounge
lounge house
louvor
lowercase
lullaby
lute
madchester
maghreb
magyar
magyar mulatos
mahraganat
makina
makossa
malayalam worship
malian traditional
mallet
maloya
mambo
mandible
mandolin
manele
mangue bit
mantra
marcha funebre
marching band
mariachi
mariachi cristiano
marimba de guatemala
marimba orquesta
marrabenta
martial industrial
mashup
massage
mathcore
mathgrind
mbalax
mbira
medieval
medieval ensemble
medimeisterschaften
meditation
melancholia
melbourne bounce
melbourne bounce international
mellow gold
memphis soul
mento
merengue
merengue tipico
merseybeat
messianic praise
mestissatge
mevlevi sufi
mezmur
miami bass
microhouse
microtonal
middle earth
middle eastern traditional
midwest emo
military band
military cadence
min'yo
mindfulness
minecraft
mizrahi
mluvene slovo
mod revival
modular synth
molam
mollywood
monastic
moog
moombahton
morna
moroccan traditional
motivation
motown
mountain dulcimer
movie tunes
mpb
mundart
murga
music box
music hall
musiikkia lapsille
musik anak-anak
musikkorps
muziek voor kinderen
muzika l'yeladim
m√∫sica pitiusa
naat
naija worship
narodna muzika
nasheed
nashville singer-songwriter
nasyid
navajo
necrogrind
nephop
nerdcore
neue deutsche harte
neue deutsche todeskunst
neue deutsche welle
neue volksmusik
neurostep
ngoni
nica
nightcore
nightrun
ninja
nintendocore
nisiotika
nitzhonot
no wave
nohay
noise
noisecore
norges stemme
norsk lovsang
norteno
norteno-sax
north carolina emo
northern soul
nouvelle chanson francaise
nova canco
nova mpb
novelty
novos talentos brasileiros
nu age
nu gaze
nu skool breaks
nubian traditional
nueva cancion
nueva ola chilena
nueva ola peruana
nueva trova chilena
nuevo tango
nursery
nwobhm
nwocr
nwothm
ny roots
nyahbinghi
nyckelharpa
nyhc
nz singer-songwriter
oberkrainer
oi
oktoberfest
old west
old-time
old-time fiddle
one-person band
opera
opera chorus
operetta
opm
oratory
organetto
orgcore
orquesta cubana
orquesta tipica
orquesta tropical
orquestas de galicia
orthodox chant
oshare kei
otacore
oud
outsider
outsider house
oyun havasi
pagode
pagode baiano
paidika tragoudia
paisley underground
palm desert scene
panpipe
papuan traditional
papuri
paracana
parody
partido alto
partyschlager
pasodobles
permanent wave
perreo
persian traditional
pet calming
philly soul
phonk
piada
pianissimo
piano cover
piano mpb
pibroch
pilates
pinoy praise
pinoy traditional
pipa
pirate
pixie
plena uruguaya
plunderphonics
poetry
poezja spiewana
polca paraguaya
police band
polka
polynesian traditional
polyphonies corses
polyphony
pony
pornogrind
porro
portuguese early music
power noise
power thrash
powerviolence
powwow
praise
prank
prepared piano
preschool children's music
prog quebec
psalmen
psybass
psybreaks
psych gaze
psychedelic doom
psychedelic trance
psychobilly
psychokore
psydub
psytech
punta
qawwali
quatuor a cordes
queercore
quiet storm
quran
rabindra sangeet
radio symphony
ragga jungle
ragtime
rai
rakugo
ranchera
rare groove
rautalanka
rave
rawstyle
reading
rebetiko
recorder
red dirt
redneck
reiki
relaxative
remix product
renaissance
retro soul
rhythm and boogie
rhythm game
riddim
rif
ringtone
riot grrrl
ritmo kombina
roda de samba
romantico
roots worship
rosary
rumba
rumba catalana
rumba congolaise
russelater
ruta destroy
rwandan traditional
sacred steel
salay
samba
samba de roda
samba-enredo
sambass
sami
sandalwood
santur
sarangi
sarod
schlager
school ensemble
schranz
scorecore
scratch
screamo
screamocore
second line
sefardi
sega
sega mauricien
semba
senegalese traditional
serialism
sertanejo
sertanejo gospel
sertanejo tradicional
sertanejo universitario
sevdah
sevillanas
shaabi
shabad
shakuhachi
shamanic
shamisen
shanty
shantykoren
sheilat
shibuya-kei
shimmer psych
shoegaze
sholawat
show tunes
shred
singaporean singer-songwriter
singer-songwriter
singing bowl
sinogaze
sitar
skiffle
skinhead oi
skramz
skweee
sky room
slack-key guitar
slam poetry
slamming deathcore
slayer
sleep
slow core
slow game
sludgecore
small room
smooth saxophone
smooth soul
soca
solipsynthm
son cubano
son cubano clasico
song poem
sotalaulut
soul
soul flow
southern gospel
southern soul
sovietwave
spa
spacewave
speed garage
speedcore
spirituals
spoken word
spytrack
stateside dnb
steel guitar
steelpan
stomp and flutter
stomp and holler
stomp and whittle
straight edge
streektaal
street band
stride
string band
string quartet
strut
stubenmusik
substep
sufi
sufi chant
sundanese traditional
sung poetry
sungura
sunset lounge
suomisaundi
supergroup
surf music
svensk lovsang
swahili gospel
swancore
swing
swing revival
swiss house
swiss singer-songwriter
swiss worship
synthwave
syro-aramaic chant
szanty
tabla
tagalog worship
tahitian
taiko
taiwan singer-songwriter
tajik traditional
talent show
talentos brasileiros
tallava
tamborazo
tamburica
tamil worship
tanci
tango
tango cancion
tanzanian traditional
tanzlmusi
tape club
tar
taraneem
tarantella
tavern
tech house
tech trance
technical deathcore
technical grindcore
technical thrash
tecnobanda
tecnobrega
tejano
tekk
tekno
telugu worship
terrorcore
tex-mex
thai idol
thai traditional
thall
theme
theremin
thrash core
throat singing
tibetan mantra
tibetan traditional
tico
timba
tin pan alley
tipico
tollywood
tone
torch song
trad quebecois
traditional bluegrass
traditional soul
trallalero
trance
trancecore
trekkspill
tribal house
tribute
trikiti
trio batak
trio cubano
trio huasteco
trip hop
trival
tropical
tropical house
trot
trova
tuareg guitar
turkish psych
turkish singer-songwriter
turntablism
twoubadou
tzadik
ugandan traditional
uilleann pipes
umbanda
uplifting trance
urban contemporary
usbm
uwielbienie
uzbek traditional
vaikiskos dainos
vallenato
vanuatu music
vapor house
vapor soul
vapor twitch
vaporwave
vaqueiro
variete francaise
vaudeville
vbs
veena
vegan straight edge
velha guarda
via
victorian britain
video game music
vietnamese bolero
vietnamese traditional
villancicos
viol
viola
viola caipira
violao
violin
visor
visual kei
vlaamse cabaret
vlaamse kinderliedje
vocal ensemble
vocal harmony group
vocal house
vocal trance
vocaloid
vogue
voidgaze
voidgrind
volksmusik
volkstumliche musik
waiata maori
wandelweiser
warm drone
washboard
wassoulou
water
wave
weightless
west end
western swing
white noise
wind ensemble
wind quintet
witch house
wonky
workout product
world
world fusion
world meditation
world worship
worship
wrestling
wu fam
wyoming roots
xhosa
xtra raw
ye ye
yemeni traditional
yodeling
yoik
yunnan traditional
zampogna
zapstep
zen
zespol dzieciecy
zeuhl
zhongguo feng
zikir
zillertal
zim gospel
zim urban groove
zimdancehall
zither
zolo
zouglou
zydeco
Number of Genres
3207
Total Number Of Genres
4423
['acoustic', 'afro', 'alternative', 'ambient', 'american', 'australian', 'belgian', 'blues', 'brazilian', 'british', 'canadian', 'chill', 'chinese', 'choir', 'christian', 'classic', 'classical', 'country', 'cumbia', 'dark', 'deep', 'disco', 'dubstep', 'dutch', 'edm', 'electro', 'electronic', 'experimental', 'finnish', 'folclor', 'folk', 'french', 'funk', 'german', 'hard', 'hip hop', 'historic', 'indie', 'indonesian', 'instrumental', 'irish', 'italian', 'japanese', 'jazz', 'korean', 'latin', 'lo-fi', 'melodic', 'metal', 'mexic', 'minimal', 'modern', 'musica', 'musica', 'musique', 'muzica', 'neo', 'new', 'nordic', 'norwegian', 'old school', 'orchestra', 'polish', 'pop', 'post', 'progressive', 'punk', 'r&b', 'rap', 'reggae', 'rock', 'russian', 'salsa', 'scottish', 'ska', 'sound', 'south african', 'spanish', 'swedish', 'taiwanese', 'techno', 'trap', 'uk', 'vintage', 'vintange', 'yoga']
86
